Where are you headed?
You scumbag
See if I rip your face off
This is Luo's house
Mr. Ye, the Chu family is one of the three great families in the imperial capital
Family style has always been rigorous
Luoxue Qing and my brother's marriage is over
Chu family
All cooperation with Roselle Group has been severed
Miss Chu promised herself that the Luo family was rigorous
But I don't know that the people next to me have already slept in the same bed
As for our cooperation?
Our Luo family has never relied on the Chu family before
Not now and never will be
Everyone is here
What's wrong?
It depends on what I do
Come on, push me out
Let go of me what are you doing
Mr. Ye, what do you mean?
Wife say something
Didn't you call me a prude who turned off my appetite?
Xue Yang, my Chu family recruits you as a son-in-law
I may have treated you badly.
That's how you repay me.
Wife, listen to me explain
You make me sick.
divorce
If I find out that you are setting foot in the imperial capital
I want you to know
I chu
Why is the family called one of the three great families in the imperial capital?
Wife, listen to me explain
His wife gagged him and ran out
You go first
Dad?